content/pages/blog/adidas-parley.md, before:

---
type: PostLayout
title: For the Oceans - Parley x Adidas
date: '2018-06-10'
author: content/data/person1.json
excerpt: >-
  Facilisis dui. Nulla molestie risus in mi dapibus, eget porta lorem semper.
  Donec sed facilisis nibh.
featuredImage:
  type: ImageBlock
  url: /images/abstract-feature1.svg
  altText: Thumbnail
  elementId: ''
  styles:
    self:
      padding:
        - pt-0
        - pl-0
        - pb-0
        - pr-0
bottomSections:
  - type: DividerSection
    title: Divider
    elementId: ''
    colors: bg-light-fg-dark
    styles:
      self:
        padding:
          - pt-3
          - pl-3
          - pb-3
          - pr-3
slug: adidas-parley
isFeatured: false
isDraft: false
seo:
  type: Seo
  metaTitle: lorem-ipsum
  metaDescription: lorem-ipsum
  addTitleSuffix: false
  metaTags: []
colors: bg-light-fg-dark
styles:
  self:
    flexDirection: col
---
![](/images/efa49861051433.5a61987815be5.png)![](/images/a05a4961051433.5a6187083b4e4.png)![](/images/9f7da661051433.5a618708392fe.png)![](/images/e7c52361051433.5a6187083c2d8.png)

Commit message:

adidas-parley.md: updated excerpt

content/pages/blog/adidas-parley.md, after:

---
type: PostLayout
title: For the Oceans - Parley x Adidas
date: '2018-06-10'
author: content/data/person1.json
excerpt: Design work completed for Adidas and their collaboration with Parley.
featuredImage:
  type: ImageBlock
  url: /images/abstract-feature1.svg
  altText: Thumbnail
  elementId: ''
  styles:
    self:
      padding:
        - pt-0
        - pl-0
        - pb-0
        - pr-0
bottomSections:
  - type: DividerSection
    title: Divider
    elementId: ''
    colors: bg-light-fg-dark
    styles:
      self:
        padding:
          - pt-3
          - pl-3
          - pb-3
          - pr-3
slug: adidas-parley
isFeatured: false
isDraft: false
seo:
  type: Seo
  metaTitle: lorem-ipsum
  metaDescription: lorem-ipsum
  addTitleSuffix: false
  metaTags: []
colors: bg-light-fg-dark
styles:
  self:
    flexDirection: col
---
![](/images/efa49861051433.5a61987815be5.png)![](/images/a05a4961051433.5a6187083b4e4.png)![](/images/9f7da661051433.5a618708392fe.png)![](/images/e7c52361051433.5a6187083c2d8.png)
